00-terminology.md, before:

# Terminology

claim
: open building slot controlled by bot

combat card
: any card combined with fuel and a weapon, or an Aggression card.
use Aggression procedures to resolve

contend
: take an action causing bot to improve its position with respect to an ambition AND bot will be either winning or tied for first or second place. (see Clarifications)

contested card
: court card with bot agents and rival agents, and more rival agents than bot agents

double city
: a second loyal city on planet that already has a loyal city

favorable combat
: a series of Move and Battle actions that the bot considers likely to result in a specific goal
(see Combat Doctrine)

new resources
: type of resource that bot does not have OR type of planet bot does not have a building on

task force
: group of bot ships with the most fresh ships

unbuilt city
: a loyal city on bot's player board (not a destroyed city in a rival's trophy area)

unclaimed
: system that is not controlled by a rival

uncontested card
: court card with no agents

undeclared ambition
: ambition that has not been declared yet AND there are markers available

<div class="pagebreak"> </div>

Commit message:

add guidelines for vox cards

00-terminology.md, after:

# Terminology

claim
: open building slot controlled by bot

combat card
: any card combined with fuel and a weapon, or an Aggression card.
use Aggression procedures to resolve

contend
: take an action causing bot to improve its position with respect to an ambition AND bot will be either winning or tied for first or second place. (see Clarifications)

contested card
: court card with bot agents and rival agents, and more rival agents than bot agents

double city
: a second loyal city on planet that already has a loyal city

effective
: a Vox card is effective if the bot can fully resolve the event (see Vox Cards)

favorable combat
: a series of Move and Battle actions that the bot considers likely to result in a specific goal
(see Combat Doctrine)

new resources
: type of resource that bot does not have OR type of planet bot does not have a building on

task force
: group of bot ships with the most fresh ships

unbuilt city
: a loyal city on bot's player board (not a destroyed city in a rival's trophy area)

unclaimed
: system that is not controlled by a rival

uncontested card
: court card with no agents

undeclared ambition
: ambition that has not been declared yet AND there are markers available

<div class="pagebreak"> </div>
