010-F02-founder.md, before:

<#ifdef campaign>
# Founder

## Act I

✦ Is bot a Regent?

- Can bot Influence or Secure the Imperial Council?
- Can bot Influence or Secure a card which would enable it to declare an ambition?

✦ Can bot Build, Repair, or Move to take control of a system?

✦ Can bot favorable combat to take control of a system? (use all available actions if needed)

Parade Fleets
: Place ships where bot would gain control. If bot is a Regent, always become an Outlaw.

Events
: If bot is a Regent, Event cards are always effective.

Summits
: If bot is a Regent, when given the opportunity to hold a Summit, it will always hold the Summit. During the "Call to Order" phase the bot will leave the Empire.

## Act II

✦ Can bot Tax or Secure to cause the Commonwealth to contend a declared ambition?

✦ Can bot build a Free building?

- Prefer:
	- Free city on planet type matching bot Outrage
	- Free city on a planet without a Free city
	- Free starport on any planet

✦ Are there any Empire controlled Free cities?

- Can bot Move to change control? *(only applicable if bot is a Regent)*
- Can bot favorable battle to change control?

Founder of the Commonwealth
: Bot will declare ambitions if the Commonwealth is winning or tied for first place in the ambition (place second or third ambition marker in already declared ambition only if the Commonwealth is winning). When declaring, place the Commonwealth Ambition marker.

<div class="pagebreak"> </div>
<#endif>

Commit message:

update founder to seek claims for free buildings

010-F02-founder.md, after:

<#ifdef campaign>
# Founder

## Act I

✦ Is bot a Regent?

- Can bot Influence or Secure the Imperial Council?
- Can bot Influence or Secure a card which would enable it to declare an ambition?

✦ Can bot Build, Repair, or Move to take control of a system?

✦ Can bot favorable combat to take control of a system? (use all available actions if needed)

Parade Fleets
: Place ships where bot would gain control. If bot is a Regent, always become an Outlaw.

Events
: If bot is a Regent, Event cards are always effective.

Summits
: If bot is a Regent, when given the opportunity to hold a Summit, it will always hold the Summit. During the "Call to Order" phase the bot will leave the Empire.

## Act II

✦ Can bot Tax or Secure to cause the Commonwealth to contend a declared ambition?

✦ Can bot Build a Free building?

- Yes: Prefer:
	- Free city on planet type matching bot Outrage
	- Free city on a planet without a Free city
	- Free starport on any planet
- No: Can bot Move to get new claims on planets not controlled by the Empire?

✦ Are there any Empire controlled Free cities?

- Can bot Move to change control? *(only applicable if bot is a Regent)*
- Can bot favorable battle to change control?

Founder of the Commonwealth
: Bot will declare ambitions if the Commonwealth is winning or tied for first place in the ambition (place second or third ambition marker in already declared ambition only if the Commonwealth is winning). When declaring, place the Commonwealth Ambition marker.

<div class="pagebreak"> </div>
<#endif>
