02-general priorities.md, before:

# General Priorities

When directed to by the previous page, use the following priorities to select a card. Either lead or pivot with a card of the indicated suit from bot's options or copy the lead card if it is of the indicated suit. If indicated suit is not available, proceed to next question.

✦ Can bot Tax/Secure to <ins>contend</ins> declared ambition? → Administration/Aggression

✦ Can bot <ins>favorable combat</ins> to <ins>contend</ins> declared ambition? → <ins>Combat card</ins>

✦ Does bot have no starport?

- Does bot have a <ins>claim</ins>?
	- Yes: → Construction
	- No: → Mobilization/Aggression

✦ Does bot have <ins>unbuilt cities</ins>?

- Does bot have fewer <ins>claims</ins> than <ins>unbuilt cities</ins>?
	- Yes: → Mobilization/Aggression
	- No: → Construction

✦ Are any bot buildings under threat?

- Can bot Move to neutralize control? → Mobilization/Aggression
- Can bot Build or Repair to neutralize control? → Construction/Administration

✦ Can bot Tax/Secure to <ins>contend</ins> <ins>undeclared ambition</ins>, take captives, or gain a <ins>new resource</ins>?
<br>→ Administration/Aggression

✦ Can bot Secure other card or grow a lead in a declared ambition? → Aggression

✦ Can bot Influence <ins>uncontested card</ins>? → Mobilization/Administration

✦ Can bot Influence <ins>contested card</ins> with more agents than rivals? → Mobilization/Administration

✦ Does bot have ships available to Build? → Construction

✦ Does bot have ships available to Repair? → Administration/Construction

<div class="pagebreak"> </div>

Commit message:

remove unnecessary term "under thread"

02-general priorities.md, after:

# General Priorities

When directed to by the previous page, use the following priorities to select a card. Either lead or pivot with a card of the indicated suit from bot's options or copy the lead card if it is of the indicated suit. If indicated suit is not available, proceed to next question.

✦ Can bot Tax/Secure to <ins>contend</ins> declared ambition? → Administration/Aggression

✦ Can bot <ins>favorable combat</ins> to <ins>contend</ins> declared ambition? → <ins>Combat card</ins>

✦ Does bot have no starport?

- Does bot have a <ins>claim</ins>?
	- Yes: → Construction
	- No: → Mobilization/Aggression

✦ Does bot have <ins>unbuilt cities</ins>?

- Does bot have fewer <ins>claims</ins> than <ins>unbuilt cities</ins>?
	- Yes: → Mobilization/Aggression
	- No: → Construction

✦ Are any bot buildings in a system controlled by a rival?

- Can bot Move to neutralize control? → Mobilization/Aggression
- Can bot Build or Repair to neutralize control? → Construction/Administration

✦ Can bot Tax/Secure to <ins>contend</ins> <ins>undeclared ambition</ins>, take captives, or gain a <ins>new resource</ins>?
<br>→ Administration/Aggression

✦ Can bot Secure other card or grow a lead in a declared ambition? → Aggression

✦ Can bot Influence <ins>uncontested card</ins>? → Mobilization/Administration

✦ Can bot Influence <ins>contested card</ins> with more agents than rivals? → Mobilization/Administration

✦ Does bot have ships available to Build? → Construction

✦ Does bot have ships available to Repair? → Administration/Construction

<div class="pagebreak"> </div>
