04-administration.md, before:

# Administration - Tax | Repair | Influence

✦ Can bot Tax to <ins>contend</ins> a declared ambition?

✦ Can bot Repair to neutralize control of loyal city or take control of rival city?

✦ Can bot Tax a rival city and take captives?

✦ Can bot Influence an <ins>uncontested card</ins> which would <ins>contend</ins> a declared ambition, if Secured?

✦ Can bot Tax to <ins>contend</ins> an <ins>undeclared ambition</ins> or take captives?

✦ Can bot Tax to grow a lead in a declared ambition?

✦ Are there any <ins>contested cards</ins>?

- Can bot Influence to place more agents than rivals?
	- Yes:
		- Influence up to +1 agent vs rival
	- No:
		- Influence to match rival

✦ Can bot Influence an <ins>uncontested card</ins> to <ins>contend</ins> an <ins>undeclared ambition</ins>?

✦ Can bot Influence any other card?

- Prefer: Weapon, Union, Captives, Grow a lead in a declared ambition, Loyal card matching outraged resource

✦ Can bot Tax for <ins>new resources</ins>?

✦ Can bot Repair any ships or buildings?

- Prefer:
	- ships in <ins>task force</ins>, then other ships
	- starport, if only one on map
	- cities

✦ Can bot Tax for other resources?

<div class="pagebreak"> </div>

Commit message:

incorporate influence doctrine to Adm/Mob

04-administration.md, after:

# Administration - Tax | Repair | Influence

✦ Can bot Tax to <ins>contend</ins> a declared ambition?

✦ Can bot Repair ships to neutralize control of a loyal building or take control of a rival building?

✦ Can bot Tax a rival city and take captives?

✦ Can bot Influence an <ins>uncontested card</ins> which would <ins>contend</ins> a declared ambition, if Secured?

✦ Can bot Tax to <ins>contend</ins> an <ins>undeclared ambition</ins> or take captives?

✦ Can bot Tax to grow a lead in a declared ambition?

✦ Can bot Influence a <ins>contested card</ins>? (Check Influence Doctrine)

✦ Can bot Influence an <ins>uncontested card</ins> which would <ins>contend</ins> an <ins>undeclared ambition</ins>, if Secured?

✦ Can bot Influence any other card? (Check Influence Doctrine)

✦ Can bot Tax for <ins>new resources</ins>?

✦ Can bot Repair any ships or buildings?

- Prefer:
	- ships in <ins>task force</ins>, then other ships
	- starport, if only one on map
	- cities

✦ Can bot Tax for other resources?

<div class="pagebreak"> </div>
