050-administration.md, before:

# Administration - Tax | Repair | Influence

✦ <!-- priority=1 --> Can bot Tax to <ins>contend</ins> a declared ambition?

✦ <!-- priority=4 --> Can bot Repair ships to change control in a system with a loyal building or take control in a system with a rival building?

- Prefer:
	- Take or neutralize control in a system with a loyal building
	- Take control in a system with a rival building
✦ <!-- priority=6 --> Can bot Tax to <ins>contend</ins> an <ins>undeclared ambition</ins> or to take captives?


✦ <!-- priority=8 --> Can bot Influence an <ins>uncontested card</ins> which would <ins>contend</ins> a declared ambition, if Secured?
✦ <!-- priority=9 --> Can bot Influence a <ins>contested card</ins>?


<#ifdef campaign>
✦ <!-- priority=9.5 --> Would bot <ins>contend</ins> a declared ambition with the Imperial Trust, and can bot Influence the Imperial Council with more agents than rivals?
<#endif>

✦ <!-- priority=12 --> Can bot Repair any other ships or buildings?

- Prefer:
	- ships in <ins>task force</ins>
	- other ships
	- starport, if only one on map
	- cities
	- other starports

✦ Can bot Tax to grow a lead in a declared ambition?

✦ Can bot Influence an <ins>uncontested card</ins> which would <ins>contend</ins> an <ins>undeclared ambition</ins>, if Secured?

✦ Can bot Influence any other card? (Check "Influence Doctrine")

✦ Can bot Tax to gain resources?

- Prefer:
	- <ins>new resources</ins>
<div class="pagebreak"> </div>

Commit message:

administration: reword defend control of loyal buildings

050-administration.md, after:

# Administration - Tax | Repair | Influence

✦ <!-- priority=1 --> Can bot Tax to <ins>contend</ins> a declared ambition?

✦ Are any loyal buildings controlled by a rival?

- <!-- priority=4 --> Can bot Repair to change control?

✦ <!-- priority=6 --> Can bot Tax to <ins>contend</ins> an <ins>undeclared ambition</ins> or to take captives?


✦ <!-- priority=8 --> Can bot Influence an <ins>uncontested card</ins> which would <ins>contend</ins> a declared ambition, if Secured?
✦ <!-- priority=9 --> Can bot Influence a <ins>contested card</ins>?


<#ifdef campaign>
✦ <!-- priority=9.5 --> Would bot <ins>contend</ins> a declared ambition with the Imperial Trust, and can bot Influence the Imperial Council with more agents than rivals?
<#endif>

✦ <!-- priority=12 --> Can bot Repair any other ships or buildings?

- Prefer:
	- ships in <ins>task force</ins>
	- other ships
	- starport, if only one on map
	- cities
	- other starports

✦ Can bot Tax to grow a lead in a declared ambition?

✦ Can bot Influence an <ins>uncontested card</ins> which would <ins>contend</ins> an <ins>undeclared ambition</ins>, if Secured?

✦ Can bot Influence any other card? (Check "Influence Doctrine")

✦ Can bot Tax to gain resources?

- Prefer:
	- <ins>new resources</ins>
<div class="pagebreak"> </div>
