06-combat doctrine.md, before:

# Combat Doctrine

When asked if bot can <ins>favorable combat</ins> to achieve some result, first identify the goal, then refer to the corresponding section below. Goal will always be one of:

- Trophies for warlord
- Raid for resource(s) or card(s) to <ins>contend</ins> an ambition
- Control of a system

## Trophies

A Battle for trophies is considered favorable if bot has at least 1:1 ratio of fresh ships.

If bot has multiple actions, first roll skirmish dice until ratio of fresh ships is better than 1:1, or only 1 action left. Then roll all assault dice if ratio is better than 1:1, or select half skirmish dice and half assault dice (round in favor of skirmish dice). Allocate hits prioritizing trophies.

## Raid

A raid is considered favorable if bot can roll raid dice equal to 2x the number of keys on the target AND bot has better than 1:1 ratio of fresh ships to defender OR has 1:1 ratio AND more than one Battle action available after moving to the target.

If favorable, the bot will first spend actions to roll dice like a trophies Battle, up to the last action available, when it will roll raid dice.

## Control

A Battle for control is favorable is bot can roll at least 1 die per fresh defending ship.

If favorable, bot will select dice like a trophies Battle. Bot will allocate hits to take control, then allocate hits to take trophies.

## Outrage

Prior to Battle, check for risk of outrage. Battle not considered favorable if outrage would cause bot to stop <ins>contending</ins> a declared ambition. Otherwise, Battle which risks outrage is only considered favorable if bot could ransack the court after trigging outrage.

<div class="pagebreak"> </div>

Commit message:

add line about maximizing actions in combat

06-combat doctrine.md, after:

# Combat Doctrine

When asked if bot can <ins>favorable combat</ins> to achieve some result, first identify the goal, then refer to the corresponding section below. Goal will always be one of:

- Trophies for warlord
- Raid for resource(s) or card(s) to <ins>contend</ins> an ambition
- Control of a system

Bot will spend resources in prelude maximize available actions during combat.

Prior to Battle, check for risk of outrage. Battle is not considered favorable if outrage would cause bot to stop <ins>contending</ins> a declared ambition. Otherwise, Battle which risks outrage is only considered favorable if bot could ransack the court after trigging outrage.

## Trophies

A Battle for trophies is considered favorable if bot has at least 1:1 ratio of fresh ships.

If bot has multiple actions, first roll skirmish dice until ratio of fresh ships is better than 1:1, or only 1 action left. Then roll all assault dice if ratio is better than 1:1, or select half skirmish dice and half assault dice (round in favor of skirmish dice). Allocate hits prioritizing trophies.

## Raid

A raid is considered favorable if bot can roll raid dice equal to 2x the number of keys on the target AND bot has better than 1:1 ratio of fresh ships to defender OR has 1:1 ratio AND more than one Battle action available after moving to the target.

If favorable, the bot will first spend actions to roll dice like a trophies Battle, up to the last action available, when it will roll raid dice.

## Control

A Battle for control is favorable is bot can roll at least 1 die per fresh defending ship.

If favorable, bot will select dice like a trophies Battle. Bot will allocate hits to take control, then allocate hits to take trophies.

<div class="pagebreak"> </div>
