070-construction.md, before:

# Construction - Build | Repair

✦ Does bot have no starport?

- <!-- priority=3 --> Can bot Build a starport?
- Prefer system with:
	- bot control
	- most loyal ships
	- neutral control
	- least rival ships

✦ Are any loyal buildings controlled by a rival?

- <!-- priority=4 --> Can bot Build to change control?

✦ <!-- Build city priority=5 --> Does bot have <ins>unbuilt cities</ins> and at least one <ins>claim</ins>?

- Build cities at <ins>claims</ins>
- Only Build <ins>double city</ins> if winning a declared ambition and uncovering power bonus

✦ Can bot Build or Repair to take control of rival building?

✦ Can bot Build or Repair to defend any undefended buildings?

- Build or Repair until at least 1 fresh ship defending planets with buildings

✦ <!-- priority=11 --> Can bot Build ships?

- Prefer: With <ins>task force</ins>, Fresh ships

✦ Can bot Build other starports?

- Prefer: With <ins>task force</ins>, Controlled system

✦ <!-- priority=12 --> Can bot Repair any ships or buildings?

- Prefer:
	- ships in <ins>task force</ins>, then other ships
	- starport, if only one on map
	- cities
	- other starports

<div class="pagebreak"> </div>

Commit message:

construction: reword build or repair to defend control

070-construction.md, after:

# Construction - Build | Repair

✦ Does bot have no starport?

- <!-- priority=3 --> Can bot Build a starport?
- Prefer system with:
	- bot control
	- most loyal ships
	- neutral control
	- least rival ships

✦ Are any loyal buildings controlled by a rival?

✦ <!-- Build city priority=5 --> Does bot have <ins>unbuilt cities</ins> and at least one <ins>claim</ins>?

- Build cities at <ins>claims</ins>
- Only Build <ins>double city</ins> if winning a declared ambition and uncovering power bonus

✦ Can bot Build or Repair to take control of rival building?
- <!-- priority=4 --> Can bot Build or Repair to change control?
- Prefer:
	- take control if possible
	- otherwise neutralize control

✦ Can bot Build or Repair to defend any undefended buildings?

- Build or Repair until at least 1 fresh ship defending planets with buildings

✦ <!-- priority=11 --> Can bot Build ships?

- Prefer: With <ins>task force</ins>, Fresh ships

✦ Can bot Build other starports?

- Prefer: With <ins>task force</ins>, Controlled system

✦ <!-- priority=12 --> Can bot Repair any ships or buildings?

- Prefer:
	- ships in <ins>task force</ins>, then other ships
	- starport, if only one on map
	- cities
	- other starports

<div class="pagebreak"> </div>
