071-expansion-principles.md, before:

# Expansion Principles

When getting new claims and building new cities the bot will follow these guidelines. Note that the bot will still use the guidance in the "Movement Principles" to move ships. This page aims to clarify **when** the bot will expand by getting new claims and building new cities, not explain **how** the bot will move. Use "Movement Principles" to determine how the moves are carried out.

## Getting New Claims

A claim is an open building slot on a planet where the bot has one or more pieces, i.e. it is a building slot where the bot could legally build a city or starport. Count each slot separately: if the bot has a piece at a planet with two open slots, count the bot as having two claims.

*(Note that if a bot has a piece in a system enabling it to build in an open slot, that counts as a claim, regardless of control of the system.)*

The procedures evaluate the number of claims the bot has in relation to the number of unbuilt cities (cities on the bot's board which it could build, not any cities held by rivals as trophies). The bot will seek new claims if it has fewer claims than <#ifdef base>unbuilt cities<#endif><#ifdef campaign>half the number of unbuilt cities, rounded down<#endif>.

*(Note that this differs between the campaign game and the base game: in the campaign game the bot is satisfied with fewer claims than in the base game.)*

## Limit on Building New Cities

The procedures prioritize building new cities somewhat highly relative to other actions. However there is a limit to this which is building a second city on the same planet where the bot already has a city. The bot will only build one of these double cities if it is winning a declared ambition (not tied for first place) and placing the city would uncover a power bonus.

*(Note that a claim counts for the purpose of the expansion priorities described above even if the bot would not build a city there due to this limit. For instance, if a bot has 4 unbuilt cities, and has a ship at a planet with 2 slots, it is considered to have 2 claims even though when it comes time to build a city, the bot would only build 1 city there.)*

<div class="pagebreak"> </div>

Commit message:

flagship stuff for expansion principles

071-expansion-principles.md, after:

# Expansion Principles

When getting new claims and building new cities the bot will follow these guidelines. Note that the bot will still use the guidance in the "Movement Principles" to move ships. This page aims to clarify **when** the bot will expand by getting new claims and building new cities, not explain **how** the bot will move. Use "Movement Principles" to determine how the moves are carried out. <#ifdef campaign>If the bot has a Flagship, ignore references to claims but instead refer to the guidelines at the bottom of this page.<#endif>

## Getting New Claims

A claim is an open building slot on a planet where the bot has one or more pieces, i.e. it is a building slot where the bot could legally build a city or starport. Count each slot separately: if the bot has a piece at a planet with two open slots, count the bot as having two claims.

*(Note that if a bot has a piece in a system enabling it to build in an open slot, that counts as a claim, regardless of control of the system.)*

The procedures evaluate the number of claims the bot has in relation to the number of unbuilt cities (cities on the bot's board which it could build, not any cities held by rivals as trophies). The bot will seek new claims if it has fewer claims than <#ifdef base>unbuilt cities<#endif><#ifdef campaign>half the number of unbuilt cities, rounded down<#endif>.

*(Note that this differs between the campaign game and the base game: in the campaign game the bot is satisfied with fewer claims than in the base game.)*

## Limit on Building New Cities

The procedures prioritize building new cities somewhat highly relative to other actions. However there is a limit to this which is building a second city on the same planet where the bot already has a city. The bot will only build one of these double cities if it is winning a declared ambition (not tied for first place) and placing the city would uncover a power bonus.

*(Note that a claim counts for the purpose of the expansion priorities described above even if the bot would not build a city there due to this limit. For instance, if a bot has 4 unbuilt cities, and has a ship at a planet with 2 slots, it is considered to have 2 claims even though when it comes time to build a city, the bot would only build 1 city there.)*

<#ifdef campaign>
## Flagships

If the bot has a Flagship, ignore all references to claims in the procedures and the above guidelines. Instead, when directed to by the procedures, build cities and starports as upgrades and armor on the bot's Flagship board, and move the bot's Flagship to a planet matching unbuilt upgrades and armor. When building upgrades or armor, do not build more cities than starports. When moving the Flagship to a planet matching an unbuilt upgrade, if there are multiple options use the following priorities to select between them:

- Defense Array
- Ship Crane
- Slipstream Drive
- Tractor Beam
- Control Array
- Hull
<#endif>

<div class="pagebreak"> </div>
