08-mobilization.md, before:

# Mobilization - Move | Influence

✦ Are any bot buildings controlled by a rival?

- Can bot neutralize control by moving?
	- Move to neutralize control

✦ Does bot have <ins>unbuilt cities</ins>?

- Does bot have fewer <ins>claims</ins> than <ins>unbuilt cities</ins>, and could bot Move to control any open slots?
	- Move to control open slots, until bot has as many <ins>claims</ins> as <ins>unbuilt cities</ins>. Prefer:
		- <ins>new resources</ins>
		- <ins>unclaimed</ins>
		- two slot planets

✦ Can bot Influence a card?

- place 2 agents on <ins>uncontested card</ins> if possible, otherwise 1
- place one more than most rival agents on <ins>contested card</ins>, if possible, otherwise up to most rival agents
- Prefer:
	- <ins>uncontested card</ins> to <ins>contend</ins> declared ambition
	- <ins>contested card</ins> to defend agents
	- <ins>uncontested card</ins> to <ins>contend</ins> undeclared ambition
	- Weapon, Union, Captives, Grow a lead in a declared ambition, Loyal card matching outraged resource

✦ Can bot take control of a gate adjacent to a loyal starport or rival starport?

- Prefer:
	- Gate previously controlled by rival
	- Other gate

✦ Can bot take control of rival city?

<div class="pagebreak"> </div>

Commit message:

incorporate influence doctrine to Adm/Mob

08-mobilization.md, after:

# Mobilization - Move | Influence

✦ Are any bot buildings controlled by a rival?

- Can bot neutralize control by moving?
	- Move to neutralize control

✦ Does bot have <ins>unbuilt cities</ins>?

- Does bot have fewer <ins>claims</ins> than <ins>unbuilt cities</ins>, and could bot Move to control any open slots?
	- Move to control open slots, until bot has as many <ins>claims</ins> as <ins>unbuilt cities</ins>. Prefer:
		- <ins>new resources</ins>
		- <ins>unclaimed</ins>
		- two slot planets

✦ Can bot Influence a card?

- Prefer:
	- <ins>uncontested card</ins> to <ins>contend</ins> declared ambition
	- <ins>contested card</ins>
	- <ins>uncontested card</ins> to <ins>contend</ins> undeclared ambition
	- other cards (Check Influence Doctrine for priorities)

✦ Can bot take control of a gate adjacent to a loyal starport or rival starport?

- Prefer:
	- Gate previously controlled by rival
	- Other gate

✦ Can bot take control of rival building?

<div class="pagebreak"> </div>
